feat: adding query method to paq (#165)
savq/paq-nvim: doc/paq-nvim.txt

  }

|paq.query|                                                        *paq-query*

>   Querys paq's Packages storage with predicat function passed directly to
>   |vim.tbl_filter|. Also it lets the user use one of the already defined
>   fileters by passing one of the following strings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Queries paq's packages storage with predicate function passed directly to
  |vim.tbl_filter|. Also it lets the user use one of the already defined
  filters by passing one of the following strings:
```
